doc: Add the issue on wrong flash page erase time (#4639)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/known_issues.rst

.. rst-class:: v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0

> NCSDK-9786: Wrong FLASH_PAGE_ERASE_MAX_TIME_US for nrf53 net core
>   FLASH_PAGE_ERASE_MAX_TIME_US is the execution window duration when doing the flash operation synchronously along the radio operations
>   (SOC_FLASH_NRF_PARTIAL_ERASE not enabled); the FLASH_PAGE_ERASE_MAX_TIME_US value of cpunet is lower than required.
>   For this reason, if CONFIG_SOC_FLASH_NRF_RADIO_SYNC_MPSL=y and CONFIG_SOC_FLASH_NRF_PARTIAL_ERASE=n, doing flash_erase op on nrf5340 net
>   core will result in mpsl timeslot OVERSTAYED assert.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NCSDK-9786: Wrong FLASH_PAGE_ERASE_MAX_TIME_US for the nRF53 network core
  ``FLASH_PAGE_ERASE_MAX_TIME_US`` defines the execution window duration when doing the flash operation synchronously along the radio operations (:option:`CONFIG_SOC_FLASH_NRF_PARTIAL_ERASE` not enabled).
  
  The ``FLASH_PAGE_ERASE_MAX_TIME_US`` value of the nRF53 network core is lower than required.
  For this reason, if :option:`CONFIG_SOC_FLASH_NRF_RADIO_SYNC_MPSL` is set to ``y`` and :option:`CONFIG_SOC_FLASH_NRF_PARTIAL_ERASE` is set to ``n``, a flash erase operation on the nRF5340 network core will result in an MPSL timeslot OVERSTAYED assert.
```

Reviewer: Is there a workaround? Maybe fixing the FLASH_PAGE_ERASE_MAX_TIME_US value (or should users not touch that)?

Author: Another PR for fixing the FLASH_PAGE_ERASE_MAX_TIME_US on zephyr side has been merged today.

Reviewer: That won't help customers though that use one of the affected releases - the idea is to tell them what they can do to work around the issue.

>   For this reason, if :option:`CONFIG_SOC_FLASH_NRF_RADIO_SYNC_MPSL` is set to ``y`` and :option:`CONFIG_SOC_FLASH_NRF_PARTIAL_ERASE` is set to ``n``, a flash erase operation on the nRF5340 network core will result in an MPSL timeslot OVERSTAYED assert. To workaround it, increasing FLASH_PAGE_ERASE_MAX_TIME_US (defined in zephyr/soc/arm/nordic_nrf/nrf53/soc.h) from 44850UL to 89700UL (the same value as CPUAPP).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For this reason, if :option:`CONFIG_SOC_FLASH_NRF_RADIO_SYNC_MPSL` is set to ``y`` and :option:`CONFIG_SOC_FLASH_NRF_PARTIAL_ERASE` is set to ``n``, a flash erase operation on the nRF5340 network core will result in an MPSL timeslot OVERSTAYED assert. 
  
  **Workaround:** Increase ``FLASH_PAGE_ERASE_MAX_TIME_US`` (defined in :file:`ncs/zephyr/soc/arm/nordic_nrf/nrf53/soc.h``) from 44850UL to 89700UL (the same value as for the application core).
```

.. rst-class:: v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0

NCSDK-9786: Wrong FLASH_PAGE_ERASE_MAX_TIME_US for the nRF53 network core
  ``FLASH_PAGE_ERASE_MAX_TIME_US`` defines the execution window duration when doing the flash operation synchronously along the radio operations (:option:`CONFIG_SOC_FLASH_NRF_PARTIAL_ERASE` not enabled).

  The ``FLASH_PAGE_ERASE_MAX_TIME_US`` value of the nRF53 network core is lower than required.
  For this reason, if :option:`CONFIG_SOC_FLASH_NRF_RADIO_SYNC_MPSL` is set to ``y`` and :option:`CONFIG_SOC_FLASH_NRF_PARTIAL_ERASE` is set to ``n``, a flash erase operation on the nRF5340 network core will result in an MPSL timeslot OVERSTAYED assert. 

>   **Workaround:** Increase ``FLASH_PAGE_ERASE_MAX_TIME_US`` (defined in :file:`ncs/zephyr/soc/arm/nordic_nrf/nrf53/soc.h``) from 44850UL to 89700UL (the same value as for the application core).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Workaround:** Increase ``FLASH_PAGE_ERASE_MAX_TIME_US`` (defined in :file:`ncs/zephyr/soc/arm/nordic_nrf/nrf53/soc.h`) from 44850UL to 89700UL (the same value as for the application core).
```
Sorry - got that wrong in my previous suggestion.
